  Our team used the OpenFlights datasets in order to solve the question of what the fastest route between two locations would be. We were able to use DFS, IDDFS, Dijkstra’s Algorithm, and Floyd-Warshall’s algorithm in order to find the shortest route between two airports. 
DFS was able to traverse through the data and create a directed and weighted graph based on the distances between the airports. Given a graph as an input, our DFS method traverses it from the start till the destination vertex. Next, it makes use of an Adjacency list of Source IDs mapped to their destination IDs to reach the nearest neighbor in the graph. Additionally, it also utilizes a boolean vector to keep track of visited nodes and recursion for backtracking after exhausting a path.
  IDDFS uses Dfs up till a particular limit is reached for the depth and then keeps increasing the depth limit until the goal node is found. It’s a combination of BFS and DFS where we iterate using BFS and reach the max node depth with DFS. We used this to traverse through the airport id’s and reach our target destination.
  Furthermore, we were also able to use Dijkstra’s Algorithm and Floyd-Warshall’s algorithm to calculate the shortest route in the graph. The Floyd-Warshall's method employs a matrix that contains the distance between each vertex, which is the airport ID. Then it goes through a triple for-loop and adds a vertex to the desirable path if that vertex is able to shorten the current distance between the source location and the destination location. In order to test Floyd-Warshall's algorithm, we ran the algorithm on a smaller sample graph that we created. Then, we compared the output of our calculations with that of the method. One of our test cases also tested if the method would output that there are no paths possible between two locations if it was unfeasible. We tested Djikstra’s algorithm by creating a small graph and making sure all of the elements output match the correct answer. Lastly, we ran both Floyd-Warshall’s algorithm and Djikstra’s algorithm on the OpenFlight dataset and got the same result outputted for both, which helped us to confirm that our algorithm was successful. 
  Although all of our approaches were mostly successful, we discovered that the runtime was not always favorable. Thus, we would like to try to make the Floyd-Warshall algorithm more efficient or try to find an algorithm that would work better with our dataset since its runtime was longer than we wanted and was not able to work with large datasets.
